Add versioned, ABI-tagged inline namespace and namespace macros (#3590)
nlohmann/json: docs/mkdocs/docs/api/macros/json_diagnostics.md

## Notes

!!! note "ABI compatibility"

    As of version 3.11.0 this macro is no longer required to be defined consistently throughout a codebase.

>     It is still encouraged, though.

Reviewer: Starting point for alternate wording which explains more about why it can be set differently and the issues that come up when that happens.

As of version 3.11.0 this macro is no longer required to be defined consistently throughout a codebase to avoid One Definition Rule (ODR) violations, as the value of this macro is encoded in the namespace of the types, resulting in distinct types.  This is intended to allow different libraries to use different versions or settings without causing improper behavior.  However, these different types can not be used interchangeably.  It is still recommended that where possible all code define this the same way for maximum interoperability.

Author: I've copied your wording for the note and fixed the typo in the version history.

## Notes

!!! note "ABI compatibility"

    As of version 3.11.0 this macro is no longer required to be defined consistently throughout a codebase

>     to avoid One Definition Rule (ODR) violations, as the value of this macro is encoded in the namespace
>     of the types, resulting in distinct types. This is intended to allow different libraries to use different

Author: ```suggestion
    to avoid One Definition Rule (ODR) violations, as the value of this macro is encoded in the namespace, resulting in distinct symbol names. This is intended to allow different libraries to use different
```

## Version history

- Added in version 3.10.0.

> - As of version 3.11.0 the definition is allowed to varry between translation units.

Reviewer: s/varry/vary/

> - As of version 3.11.0 the definition is allowed to varry between translation units.

Reviewer: ...between translation units, as it affects the name of the inline namespace.
